### SDKhttp://www.adobe.com/cfusion/exchange/index.cfm?event=extensionDetail&extid=1009962### IO Page (general API docs)http://help.adobe.com/en_US/dreamweaver/cs/apiref/WS5b3ccc516d4fbf351e63e3d117f9e056c3-7fff.html### Undocumented API#### dw.openWithApp()Dreamweaver has a documented way of working with external applications with the API call dw.openWithApp(fileURL, appURL). Whilst this call is handy when passing a file to another application, for example passing the current active document to notepad.exe. it falls short in allowing a developer to call an external application that requires passed in attributes and handling the output or location handling of the external application (similar to windows desktop shortcuts).Example of passing in the current active document to notepad.exe:#### dw.openWithApp(dw.getDocumentDOM().URL,'notepad.exe')To simply run an external application, without passing it a file to work with, you can in most cases use dw.openWithApp() by passing in a blank or empty string as the fileURLExample of simply opening notepad.exe:#### dw.openWithApp("",'notepad.exe')When more complex situations arise, dw.openWithApp() just does not cut it. Luckily Dreamweaver's has a number of undocumented calls that allow more complex operations to take place.#### DWfile.runCommandLine() & MM.runCommandLine() First we will deal with the simply way of calling an external batch file or executable.#### DWfile.runCommandLine() & MM.runCommandLine() accept a single parameter that is the path to the external process to run, in most cases this is a batch file or executable.Example of use:#### DWfile.runCommandLine('c:\myFolder\MyBatchFile.bat');or#### MM.runCommandLine('c:\myFolder\MyBatchFile.bat');However whilst this works fine it does open up a Command prompt window (small dos window) whilst the executable is running.#### MM.shellExecute()MM.shellExecute() is a slightly more complex way of calling an executable and it allows arguments to be passed to the external application.Example of use:#### MM.shellExecute(appPath, arguments, runDir)appPath:	The path (not URL) to the executable.arguments:Optional	The arguments passed to executable.runDirectory:Optional	The folder that contains the original item or some related files. Sometimes, programs need to use files from other locations. You might need to specify the folder where these files are located so that the program can find them.MM.createProcess()#### MM.createProcess() is probably the most useful and also the most powerful way of dealing with the need to have greater control over the external application or process you need to call. Personally i use this method when dealing with external applications, batch files and processes. Example of use:#### MM.createProcess(executable, arguments, timeout, createNoWindow, runDir, outputFile)executable:	String, The path (not URL) to the executable.arguments:Optional	String, The arguments passed to executable.timeout:optional	-1 Does not timeout, Dreamweaver/extension code waits for application/process to finish before completing the operation. 1 Dreamweaver carries on regardless.createNoWindow:optional	Boolean, true Dreamweaver does not show the application window during it's execution, false application window is shown during it's execution.runDirectory:Optional	The folder that contains the original item or some related files. Sometimes, programs need to use files from other locations. You might need to specify the folder where these files are located so that the program can find them.outputFile Path:optional	The directory used to write out the output from the executable, if the process would write out a result to the command prompt/screen normally this output would be written back to the path specified.Note: All paths used are actual file paths and not file URL's for all the above undocumented calls where a path is used.so use 'c:\folder\executable.exe' and not 'file:///c|/folder/executable.exe'.